Chicken With Wild Rice and Grapes
-----------------------------------

Ingredients

    1 cup wild rice blend
    2 teaspoons olive oil
    8 chicken thighs (about 3 pounds)
    kosher salt and black pepper
    2 cups red seedless grapes
    1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves
    1 pound green beans, trimmed
    2 tablespoons unsalted butter

Directions

    Heat oven to 425° F. Cook the rice according to the package directions.
    Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken with ½ teaspoon each salt and pepper. In 2 batches, cook the chicken, skin-side down, until golden, 5 to 6 minutes, then transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Place skin-side up and roast until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes.
    Add the grapes and thyme to the drippings in the skillet and cook, tossing occasionally, until the grapes begin to burst, 5 to 7 minutes.
    Meanwhile, fill a large pot with 1 inch of water and fit with a steamer basket; bring the water to a boil. Place the green beans in the basket, cover, and steam until tender, 5 to 7 minutes; toss with the butter. Serve with the chicken, rice, and grapes.



Shrimp Tacos With Black Beans
----------------------------

Ingredients

    1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil
    4 scallions, sliced, white and green parts separated
    2 15.5-ounce cans black beans, rinsed
    kosher salt and black pepper
    1 pound peeled and deveined small shrimp
    1 large egg white, beaten
    1/2 cup all-purpose flour
    1/2 cup cornmeal
    8 6-inch corn tortillas, warmed
    cut up avocado, salsa, cilantro, hot sauce, sour cream, and lime wedges, for serving

Directions

    Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and cook, stirring, until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the beans, ¼ cup water, and ½ teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook until warmed through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the scallion greens.
    In a shallow bowl, toss the shrimp with the egg white. In a second shallow bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, ½ teaspoon salt, and ¼ teaspoon pepper. Add the shrimp and toss to coat.
    Heat the remaining ½ cup of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in batches, fry the shrimp until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve in the tortillas with the avocado, salsa, cilantro, hot sauce, sour cream, and lime wedges, alongside the beans.


Roasted Vegetable and Quinoa Salad With Pistachios
------------------------------------------------

Ingredients

    1 pound carrots, cut into 1 1/2-inch lengths
    1 pound shiitake or cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed
    2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling
    kosher salt and black pepper
    2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
    1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves
    1 cup quinoa
    5 cups baby spinach (4 ounces)
    1/4 cup chopped salted, roasted pistachios

Directions

    Heat oven to 425° F. On 2 rimmed baking sheets, toss the carrots and mushrooms with the oil, ½ teaspoon salt, and ½ teaspoon pepper. Roast, tossing once, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Combine the vegetables in a large bowl and toss with the lemon juice and thyme.
    Meanwhile, cook the quinoa according to the package directions. Divide the spinach among plates and top with the warm quinoa and vegetables. Sprinkle with the pistachios and drizzle with the oil.

